Fcm tutorial (#69)
UnifiedPush/documentation: content/developers/embedded_fcm.md

1. If Cloud Messaging API (Legacy) is showing a server key, skip to step 6. 
1. If 'Cloud Messaging API (Legacy)' is disabled, open the menu next to it, and click on 'Manage API in Google Cloud Console' ![See adjacent text](/big_img/fcm_setup/cloud_messaging_1.png)
1. In the Cloud Console page that opened, click on 'Enable' ![See adjacent text](/big_img/fcm_setup/cloud_messaging_2.png)
1. Go back the the Firebase Cloud Messaging page, and reload it. You should now see a server key. ![See adjacent text](/big_img/fcm_setup/cloud_messaging_3.png)

The server key you see here is what you will provide to your Common Proxies server configuration.

### Configure Android app

If you already have an Android app added to your project, skip this section.

1. Click on the Android logo under 'Your apps' ![See adjacent text](/big_img/fcm_setup/gen_settings_no_app.png)
1. Enter your application ID into the app creation menu. This must be the same as what you provide to the Android app's configuration. ![See adjacent text](/big_img/fcm_setup/create_app_1.png)
1. Press 'Next', 'Next', 'Continue' and go back to your settings console.

### Setting up your app on Android (FOSS FCM lib)

> - From under 'Your project', copy the 'Project number', it looks something like the number '123456789012' (12 digits)
> - Put this in your [EmbeddedDistributor.googleProjectNumber](#android)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Under the menu *Your project*, copy the *Project number*. It is a 12 digits number, for instance `123456789012`.
- Use this value for the [EmbeddedDistributor.googleProjectNumber](#android)
```

### Setting up your app on Android (Google FCM lib)

> - From under 'Your apps', download 'google-services.json'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Under the menu *Your apps*, download *google-services.json*.
```
